so what we have here is the shrimp and this is
basically 16 to 20 shrimp is the number 16 to
20 means that there's generally 16 to 20 per
pound this is a whole shrimp with everything
on including the head this is also known
as what we call a crustacean so you can see
how the shell sits on top of the next shell in
order to clean this the first thing we're going
to do is remove the head so i'll just grab the
shrimp and then pull the head off just like this
the next thing that I want
to do is I want to remove
the shell and how I do is I just peel it just
like you're grabbing the side of it and peeling
it if you want to you can peel it all the way
down including removing the tail if you want
to have the tail off some people like to leave the
tail on the next thing that I want to do is I want
to de-vein it so deveining it means cutting open
the back with a nice sharp knife be very careful
and then you want to look for the vein that's
inside here and the vein is basically the
waste track so then you would take a paper
towel and then just clean it out just like that
and then you would place it down and that's clean
these shells are great you can
make a nice stalk out of them